Check, Correct & Improve Hyperlinks - Closes 1867 (#1870)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/build-blockchain/plugin/offchain-db.adoc

// For this guide, we want to store the NewHelloEvent's data in an off-chain store by using xref:{url_lisk_db}[lisk-db]. 

For this guide, we want to store the NewHelloEvent's data in an off-chain store by using `lisk-db`. 
Lisk-db is a key-value store based on {url_rocks_db}[RocksDB^].

> The database-related operations will exist in a `db.ts` file which will exist in the plugin's root folder: `hello_info`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The database-related operations will exist in a `db.ts` file which will be located in the plugin's root folder: `hello_info`. 
```

> Create the new file in the said directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the new file in the afore mentioned directory.
```
